Update readmes to match common design (Feature Layers category) 4/4 (#454)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: feature_layers/service-feature-table-no-cache/README.md

# Service feature table (no cache)

Display a feature layer from a service using the **no cache** feature request mode.

![Image of service feature table no cache](ServiceFeatureTableNoCache.png)

## Use case

> `ServiceFeatureTable` supports three request modes, which define how features are requested from the service and stored in the local table. The feature request modes have different performance characteristics. Use **no cache** in scenarios where you always want the freshest data. See [Table performance concepts](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/latest/wpf/guide/layers.htm#ESRI_SECTION1_40F10593308A4718971C9A8F5FB9EC7D) in the *ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET* guide to learn more.

Reviewer: this needs to be updated for Java
```suggestion
`ServiceFeatureTable` supports three request modes, which define how features are requested from the service and stored in the local table. The feature request modes have different performance characteristics. Use **no cache** in scenarios where you always want the freshest data. See [Table performance concepts](https://developers.arcgis.com/java/latest/guide/layers.htm#ESRI_SECTION1_40F10593308A4718971C9A8F5FB9EC7DD) in the *ArcGIS Runtime SDK for Java* guide to learn more.
```

## How to use the sample

Run the sample and pan and zoom around the map. With each interaction, new features will be requested from the service and displayed on the map.

## How it works

1. Set the `ServiceFeatureTable.FeatureRequestMode` property of the service feature table to `NO_CACHE` before the table is loaded.
2. Add the table to the map using a `FeatureLayer`; features will be requested for the visible extent as the user pans and zooms.

## Relevant API

* FeatureLayer

> * FeatureRequestMode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ServiceFeatureTable.FeatureRequestMode
```

* ServiceFeatureTable

## About the data

> The U.S. National Bridge Inventory describes 600,000 bridges in the United States. The sample uses [US Bridges](https://arcgisruntime.maps.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=250b103a722c4e1ea71e562eac61be1b), a modified copy of the U.S. National Bridge Inventory hosted on ArcGIS Online. The sample opens with an initial visible extent centered over Bridgeport, CT.

Reviewer: same as samples above, for Android we didn't change the data (open issue though) and used the following description:

> The sample opens with an initial visible extent centered over pool permit statuses in California.

Author: Good spot, I've updated the sample to use the data described in the readme!
